getCustomerById | Native SQL | 14 ms
getCustomerById | Native SQL | 16 ms
getCustomerById | Native SQL | 16 ms
getCustomerById | Native SQL | 15 ms
getCustomerById | Native SQL | 12 ms
getCustomerById | Native SQL | 13 ms
getCustomerById | Native SQL | 15 ms
getCustomerById | Native SQL | 11 ms
getAllCustomers | Native SQL | 10 ms
getAllCustomers | Native SQL | 11 ms
searchCustomerByName | Native SQL | 15 ms
searchCustomerByName | Native SQL | 15 ms
searchCustomerByName | Native SQL | 4 ms
updateCustomerFirstName | Native SQL | 13 ms
getCustomerById | Native SQL | 17 ms
getCustomerById | Native SQL | 16 ms
updateCustomerFirstName | Native SQL | 9 ms
getCustomerById | Native SQL | 13 ms
getCustomerById | Native SQL | 11 ms
saveCustomer | Native SQL | 7 ms
updateCustomerFirstName | Native SQL | 6 ms
getCustomerById | Native SQL | 15 ms
saveCustomer | Native SQL | 6 ms
updateCustomerFirstName | Native SQL | 5 ms
getCustomerById | Native SQL | 13 ms
saveCustomer | Native SQL | 6 ms
updateCustomerFirstName | Native SQL | 7 ms
getCustomerById | Native SQL | 14 ms
deleteCustomer | Native SQL | 7 ms
saveCustomer | Native SQL | 6 ms
deleteCustomer | Native SQL | 8 ms
getCustomerById | Native SQL | 12 ms
getCustomerById | Hibernate | 61 ms
getAllCustomers | Hibernate | 214 ms
searchCustomerByName | Hibernate | 206 ms
saveCustomer | Hibernate | 64 ms
updateCustomerFirstName | Hibernate | 27 ms
getCustomerById | Hibernate | 1 ms
deleteCustomer | Hibernate | 52 ms
saveCustomer | Hibernate | 71 ms
updateCustomerFirstName | Hibernate | 30 ms
getCustomerById | Hibernate | 0 ms
saveCustomer | Hibernate | 1860 ms
updateCustomerFirstName | Hibernate | 806 ms
getCustomerById | Hibernate | 1 ms
deleteCustomer | Hibernate | 270 ms
saveCustomer | Hibernate | 52 ms
deleteCustomer | Hibernate | 21 ms
getCustomerById | Hibernate | 40 ms
